this is a drone game part on the bottom
pima's dick off and go just through
great challenge
[Applause]
later can through the gold
[Music]
good city somehow somehow call
themselves back to beautiful play from
takeoff suddenly Gorton looks to be
scoring more like the rise keeps up Lord
greater please let peg pass man of the
match bottom just when glorified a
chance Pollack arise keep them all and
city is a timely
towards the amount of stoppage time just
to be added on to see Francesca sitting
do have any
in hope
of producing another
five minutes of stoppage time to be acne
cookie
in last year's finalists
like seven alador
his pushup
[Applause]
[Music]
not just a city
a recent history of
senada the
[Music]
stone for
somehow find an equalizer
[Music]
a chance to get delivery
to leave a screen over
the first goal the Sango
come listen often join
have to say
it's tickles again
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm Chester this is unbelievable
and half city just come back from the
dead
[Applause]
hold the cup of flow
gotta go see go dick off right footed
feces best pal
[Music]
and the other half a Manchester goes
wild on the right food sticks a ray in
the top corner between the porch and the
grass bar and glory from the car it was
foil down there by Bartram
not this time say fans can't believe er
water lurch
they were consigned to another season in
the second division but you've got to
say that the pendulum surely swings
towards them now poor dick offs 15th
goal of the season and suddenly they're
not counting the cost of the one that
was saved anymore
from Goethe that Hitler clue
the concern is with
took off their recognize goals more
[Music]
starfish
somewhere
to concentrate title they
must be huge disappointment
raising sounds as well
Razer team and 20 floors
[Music]
and it all
Manchester City so so grateful and
grateful to the finishing prowess of
dick off I'm sure they're asking mark
Helsing where all the extra time came
from at the end
but five minutes it was a to know they
must have dreamed that set it's all over
were there what a huge disappointment I
must have been
quickly now Taylor
it's cook
and he studied through the Sean Goethe
supercro bottles brilliant from bottles
Bishop here in lines what up for wit
Jaffrey gets a flick tailor anyway
thorns touch
[Applause]
[Music]
Pete Weaver was strong twice
and this is glorious John slightly
behind them cuddling ball straighter
bottom and the keeper again in the right
place at the right time the fancy winner
[Music]
[Applause]
the Finnish to wash a humble
don't leave I pick summer at watch look
at the half down and that evens up for
me the penalty in the first half sagas
cuts it back with me with the left arm
Shawn
pour it in hitch one
let's fly right for visa keeper and six
inches way to the crossbar take off all
those prints City in front
[Music]
there's a minute of injury time to be
out in two seconds of which are already
draining away as Manchester City take
their time
one last chance to
[Applause]
and when it's in open play and they're
not even going to get that
it's the lottery the luck of the draw